yep so are as I predicted bermane
stiverne did the job in the m i give
chris arreola respect because he knew
this was last chance saloon so he didn't
just come out there i'm rushing like a
madman like he was doing to the first
fighter like we see him normally do like
in the seth mitchell fire he was just
framed bums and he was getting attacked
like I said seth mitchell was tagging
him and in the first round we see areola
tried to adopt the counter punching role
that he used to use as a cruiserweight
but that's not where areolas comfortable
when he can attack he attacks stuver did
catch him layin around and he heard he
hurt areola good shots stubborn
sometimes you know looks to compose he
looks to compose and comfortable he's
dropping his hands in the air look
comfortable I really did rock him a
couple of times he wasn't hurt as bad as
people thought no cuz if you look at the
counters that came back from divert they
were crisp they were solid his legs were
still strung no distress signals but
areola definitely one round free that
was the case that he won round four
round five was more or less at even
round hard to score areola was wisely
stepping off from Steve herbs stiff
powerful jab which was a good move for
him which was a good move for him I was
mildly surprised that he tried to vary
his tactics if you just came forward
abroad the fight could have been over a
lot earlier you know he got his nose
broken last time but it wasn't no fluke
quite happened he was stepping off from
the jab that he was almost ambush
fighting at times you know backing up
and alien attack for long periods of
time and he had the better volume added
to men but we knew that would happen
going into the fight we knew that would
we knew that's what the scenario would
be nevertheless stubborn was landing
very good jabs there was a very nice
straight rifles diverted to fifth round
areola looked like he was gassing a
little he was always wary of Stephens
counter punches he didn't want to walk
into them and he knew the threat that
was posed by the counter punches we
approached a six-round a right hand I
think it was higher the top of the
temple had areola doing the stanky leg
he was doing the stanky leg there he
went down it seemed like the referee was
given areola every opportunity to stay
in the fight he pushed stubborn
aggressively back to the corner and that
was ferried I feel that was fair enough
you know the rules of the rules but he
was done I real was done he went out a
couple times it was a comprehensive
decisive decisive areola just couldn't
get his foot him back his legs were gone
he has no grounds for complaints not at
all even though areola was having
successful moments in the fight there
was an air about stubborn day he knew
this was his moment he knew he had a
better punch quali and it paid off in
the end and areola could have no
complaints and you could see what it
meant just to Vern as he fell to the
floor in jubilation they've done a nice
little jig when the referee waved the
over the new WBC heavyweight champion
bermane stiverne he goes out to fight
Deontay Wilder or maybe wladimir
klitschko this was a great fight to
watch what are the best heavyweight
title fights we've seen in recent years
there's no doubt about it and you know
stubborn can't compliment him anymore
great with